Nde have also changed teams twice in the other fourth year a miracle this time
Nde I'm there to say that not lose environment
It Dewa
Speaking of strong points
I use it as a weapon
My own issue
It was not said that I set this after
In fact to say this Ise from their
I transferred
It is already three years collection
There is a feeling that I want to go out to the game soon and get the result
See how they work on the forearm stage together
I was sorry for myself
Something to look at it
I also had to translate myself saying that I can not be an employee
After all I think transfer is important to change myself
Hmm
After all
A new managerial book has changed
From 5 practice
Hearing the word to make it compete
My present
I wonder if I'm going to the environment
I had let me decide to come to sit in much Osaka or rather thanks to the parent
Even when I go to Kumamoto, my parents are in favor of the second half finances
Where I can not see
It's death I also crying in the room of living
There are tears in the pines too
It means now of my motivation following the other
It feels like I want my parents to have a good dream
I have that feeling all the time
Komae N in so much of so much football against me with my parents
I do not say anything
I think definitely there's Tteyuu feelings that are part absolute thought I than what or
I 'm looking at this
Well now I've been able to play soccer so I'm going to meet the ruins
Also What can soccer in fact now Jubilo to
Nde has come on because there was a kind of or there is a parent words now way do I
Maa Cocoros won
Well I'm trying my last snow to Bitch there
I want to share the championship together I come out to the Vitz when you are working hard